README.md, before:

# dwyl apprenticeship

Everything you need to know about
dwyl's creative technology apprenticeship!

## Why?

_Most_ companies/organisations only (_want to_) hire
people who _already_ have "_years_" of experience
and not _invest_ in training `new` people.

On the _surface_ it can be _tempting_ to only
hire "_experienced_" people for technical teams;
after all someone _else_ has paid for their past "mistakes"
and they have practiced their craft for "_years_",
so they are more likely to get the work done faster, right?


### Our

At dwyl we hypothesize that it's _more effective_
to train people _from scratch_
because of the following reasons:
+ Gives people who are new to the industry a start.
+ Avoids bad habits (_like un-tested or un-documented work!_)
+ Instills the habit of continuous learning _early_
in the person's journey thus avoiding "_senior syndrome_"
(_where people feel they already know everything!_)
+ New people tend to have a ["beginners mind"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoshin)
and are more "_teachable_"
+ more likely to pass on their knowledge to teammates (_whereas most "senior" people "hoard" their knowledge our of fear of being replaced!_)

<!--
> NOTE: help very much wanted re-wording these bullet points!
-->

## What

**4 weeks** of ***intensive learning*** and ***building*** technology products
with _great_ UX and code quality!

## Who?

Anyone who has not worked as a "developer" before and wants to get started!

## How?

### Prerequisites

+ Read (_and "star"_) `this` repo to show you have (_have read_)
and are interested in the apprenticeship.
+  Read (_and "star"_) the dwyl contributing guide:
https://github.com/dwyl/contributing
to confirm that you have read and understood our "team workflow".
+ Previous contribution to a dwyl project
or tutorial(s): https://github.com/dwyl?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=learn
(_a Pull Request with an improvement to the learning materials_)
+ Answer the "AMA" questions see: `/ama`

<br /><br /><br />

## Way More Questions & Answers!

### Q: What is a "Previous Contribution" to a @dwyl Project?

Contribution to a dwyl project can range from:
+ asking a question (_seeking clarification_) in a GitHub Issue
+ reporting a bug/issue on one of our projects or tutorials
+ Creating a Pull Request that _fixes_ the bug/issue you reported
and or adds the question/answer to a relevant readme.

> If you have _any_ questions which have _not_
been answered here, [***please ask***!](https://github.com/dwyl/apprenticeship/issues)

Commit message:

adds answers to questions asked by @ZooeyMiller in #2

README.md, after:

# dwyl apprenticeship

Everything you need to know about
dwyl's creative technology apprenticeship!

## Why?

_Most_ companies/organisations only (_want to_) hire
people who _already_ have "_years_" of experience
and not _invest_ in training `new` people.

On the _surface_ it can be _tempting_ to only
hire "_experienced_" people for technical teams;
after all someone _else_ has paid for their past "mistakes"
and they have practiced their craft for "_years_",
so they are more likely to get the work done faster, right?


### Our

At dwyl we hypothesize that it's _more effective_
to train people _from scratch_
because of the following reasons:
+ Gives people who are new to the industry a start.
+ Avoids bad habits (_like un-tested or un-documented work!_)
+ Instills the habit of continuous learning _early_
in the person's journey thus avoiding "_senior syndrome_"
(_where people feel they already know everything!_)
+ New people tend to have a ["beginners mind"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoshin)
and are more "_teachable_"
+ more likely to pass on their knowledge to teammates (_whereas most "senior" people "hoard" their knowledge our of fear of being replaced!_)

<!--
> NOTE: help very much wanted re-wording these bullet points!
-->

## What

**4 weeks** of ***intensive learning*** and ***building*** technology products
with _great_ UX and code quality!

## Who?

Anyone who has not worked as a "developer" before and wants to get started!

## How?

### Prerequisites

+ Read (_and "star"_) `this` repo to show you have (_have read_)
and are interested in the apprenticeship.
+  Read (_and "star"_) the dwyl contributing guide:
https://github.com/dwyl/contributing
to confirm that you have read and understood our "team workflow".
+ Previous contribution to a dwyl project
or tutorial(s): https://github.com/dwyl?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=learn
(_a Pull Request with an improvement to the learning materials_)
+ Answer the "AMA" questions see: `/ama`

<br /><br /><br />

## Way More Questions & Answers!

### Q: What is a "Previous Contribution" to a @dwyl Project?

Contribution to a dwyl project can range from:
+ asking a question (_seeking clarification_) in a GitHub Issue
+ reporting a bug/issue on one of our projects or tutorials
+ Creating a Pull Request that _fixes_ the bug/issue you reported
and or adds the question/answer to a relevant readme.

### Q: How long is a day?
[asked by @ZooeyMiller in #2](https://github.com/dwyl/apprenticeship/issues/2)

Aim to start at 09:00. If you are prefer to start earlier,
just let someone know you are available/online!

### Q: How long is the apprenticeship?
[asked by @ZooeyMiller in #2](https://github.com/dwyl/apprenticeship/issues/2)

Initially for 4 weeks.

### Q: How/when/how much do we get paid?

People based in London are paid "London Living Wage".
Weekly.

> If you have _any_ questions which have _not_
been answered here, [***please ask***!](https://github.com/dwyl/apprenticeship/issues)
